# Disable Checking Exported Types

- Status: accepted
- Deciders: Samuel Holloway
- Date: 11/23/2021

## Context and Problem Statement

DearPyGUI doesn't [currently](https://github.com/hoffstadt/DearPyGui/issues/922)
export types. As such, the static type checker mypy is reporting false positives
on mismatched types when using DearPyGUI types.

## Considered Options

- Do nothing. Live with the false positives when running the mypy checker.
- Fork DearPyGUI and add the type definitions.
- Submit a pull request to address the missing types.
- Disable checking the types for DearPyGUI.

## Decision Outcome

### Doing Nothing (Rejected)

Doing nothing basically renders the use of a type checker worthless. The number
of errors generated by the DearPyGUI integration is so high that it masks other
type errors.

### Fork DearPyGUI (Rejected)

Forking DearPyGUI seems extreme as it would come with the cost of not benefiting
from future enhancements and is at a lower level of abstraction than what I want
to focus on for this project.

### Submit a pull request to address the missing types. (Rejected)

The DearPyGUI team has already [identified](https://github.com/hoffstadt/DearPyGui/issues/922)
this as a gap and is on their road map. They are better positioned to deal with adding the types.

### Disable checking the types for DearPyGUI. (Accepted)

The desired approach is to simple ignore DearPyGUI in the type checking. If and
when the DearPyGUI package adds types in the future, then it can be included
in the type checking.

This is done by configuring mypy with a config file.

```bash
poetry run mypy --config-file mypy.ini agents_playground
```

In the config file mypy is configured to ignore missing imports for the module.

```ini
[dearpygui]
ignore_missing_imports = True

[dearpygui.*]
ignore_missing_imports = True
```
